#!/usr/bin/env zsh

#
# Aliases for toybox commands that don't exist on the system
#

moduledir="${1:-/dev/null}"
generateddir="${2:-/dev/null}"

tb_alias_zshrc="${moduledir}/tbaliases"

cat > ${tb_alias_zshrc} <<EOF
#!zsh
#
# For commands that we like that aren't on the system, alias to our toybox install
#
# GENERATED FILE!! DO NOT EDIT
# $(date)
#

EOF

toyboxSupports() {
  local cmd="$1"

  for i in $(${moduledir}/bin/toybox); do
    if [ "$cmd" = "$i" ]; then
      return 0
    fi
  done

  return 1
}

toyboxCheckAndAlias() {
    local cmd="$1"

    # See if command exists
    command -v "$cmd" &> /dev/null
    if [ $? -eq 0 ]; then
        return
    fi

    # See if toybox supports the command
    toyboxSupports "$cmd" || return

    # Set up the alias
    echo "alias $cmd='toybox $cmd'" >> ${tb_alias_zshrc}
}

# Adds too much shit
#for c in `toybox --list`; do
#    toyboxCheckAndAlias $c
#done

toyboxCheckAndAlias awk
toyboxCheckAndAlias base64
toyboxCheckAndAlias basename
toyboxCheckAndAlias bunzip2
toyboxCheckAndAlias bzcat
toyboxCheckAndAlias bzip2
toyboxCheckAndAlias cal
toyboxCheckAndAlias cat
toyboxCheckAndAlias catv
toyboxCheckAndAlias cksum
toyboxCheckAndAlias clear
toyboxCheckAndAlias cut
toyboxCheckAndAlias date
toyboxCheckAndAlias df
toyboxCheckAndAlias diff
toyboxCheckAndAlias dirname
toyboxCheckAndAlias dos2unix
toyboxCheckAndAlias egrep
toyboxCheckAndAlias eject
toyboxCheckAndAlias fgrep
toyboxCheckAndAlias file
toyboxCheckAndAlias find
toyboxCheckAndAlias ftpget
toyboxCheckAndAlias ftpput
toyboxCheckAndAlias getopt
toyboxCheckAndAlias grep
toyboxCheckAndAlias gunzip
toyboxCheckAndAlias gzip
toyboxCheckAndAlias head
toyboxCheckAndAlias hexdump
toyboxCheckAndAlias hexedit
toyboxCheckAndAlias hostname
toyboxCheckAndAlias ifconfig
toyboxCheckAndAlias install
toyboxCheckAndAlias ip
toyboxCheckAndAlias ipaddr
toyboxCheckAndAlias iproute
toyboxCheckAndAlias kill
toyboxCheckAndAlias killall
toyboxCheckAndAlias link
toyboxCheckAndAlias ln
toyboxCheckAndAlias less
toyboxCheckAndAlias ls
toyboxCheckAndAlias lsusb
toyboxCheckAndAlias md5sum
toyboxCheckAndAlias mktemp
toyboxCheckAndAlias nc
toyboxCheckAndAlias netstat
toyboxCheckAndAlias nl
toyboxCheckAndAlias od
toyboxCheckAndAlias patch
toyboxCheckAndAlias pgrep
toyboxCheckAndAlias ping
toyboxCheckAndAlias ping6
toyboxCheckAndAlias pipe_progress
toyboxCheckAndAlias printf
toyboxCheckAndAlias readlink
toyboxCheckAndAlias realpath
toyboxCheckAndAlias reboot
toyboxCheckAndAlias renice
toyboxCheckAndAlias reset
toyboxCheckAndAlias route
toyboxCheckAndAlias run-parts
toyboxCheckAndAlias sed
toyboxCheckAndAlias seq
toyboxCheckAndAlias sha1sum
toyboxCheckAndAlias sha256sum
toyboxCheckAndAlias sha3sum
toyboxCheckAndAlias sha512sum
toyboxCheckAndAlias sleep
toyboxCheckAndAlias sort
toyboxCheckAndAlias split
toyboxCheckAndAlias tail
toyboxCheckAndAlias tar
toyboxCheckAndAlias tee
toyboxCheckAndAlias telnet
toyboxCheckAndAlias test
toyboxCheckAndAlias time
toyboxCheckAndAlias timeout
toyboxCheckAndAlias top
toyboxCheckAndAlias touch
toyboxCheckAndAlias tr
toyboxCheckAndAlias traceroute
toyboxCheckAndAlias traceroute6
toyboxCheckAndAlias truncate
toyboxCheckAndAlias uname
toyboxCheckAndAlias unix2dos
toyboxCheckAndAlias unzip
toyboxCheckAndAlias uptime
toyboxCheckAndAlias usleep
toyboxCheckAndAlias vi
toyboxCheckAndAlias watch
toyboxCheckAndAlias wc
toyboxCheckAndAlias wget
toyboxCheckAndAlias xargs
toyboxCheckAndAlias zcat
